We're getting spurious IRQs in the serial driver. If bit 0 is the 'fake irq' bit, then why does it not clear?





problem is that we get the IRQ too fast after enabling interrupts in the register. in order to prevent this, i need to make irqs queue. wfirq should check if an interrupt has been ignored, and if so just ret. this may cause issues with the ps/2 and floppy drivers?


we are NOT getting the IRQ.
serial works FINE until we get to the wfirq. for some reason we never make it to after it.
we POKE a NULL task -- probably when we try to write to it but it's not trying to read.



we DO open /dev/com, but then we FD NF
it returns 0x800020e000 (FD 00)
function is unset! this means DEVICE_LIST[i].streamID->function is also unset.






error fixed, now I just need to find out what the problem is with the SERIAL driver
it pf's on 8667, which is outside the sbrk or maybe the sbrk doesn't exist!



the BRK doesn't exist. the memory region does not either. how are we running user code with no memory allocated???
it's not in the WFIRQ... or is it?
it occurs in the CALL to WFIRQ!



in malloc, we mov edx to (rdx) and it segfaults because rdx is too high
break on 5a9 next time
we were in L43 which JMPs to L48
L43 is the default case for switch(s2)
JMPing to L48 means that we have mp && *mp
I think it's an overflow!

bug symptoms: we try to switch to echo, get as far as a malloc I think, and then attempt to access some bogus all F memory. This only happens when serial is enabled.
we do NOT sbrk in the malloc!


arguments DONE
I've created a duct tape solution to the whole /dev thing, but I need to make processes NOT open an stdIO by default DONE
disk scanning
abstraction over inode
	file cache
	drive numbers
make UPALLOC zero-initialise
close stdios and streams and shit when a prockses clsoerns
	hack done-ish
figure out /dev so we can do /dev/tty or /dev/com or whatnot
	hack done: made a stub for if the directory is /dev
userland driver interface
	we need like a way to make an abstract 'driver' and have a list of drivers
	first I think I should phase out termsp
	the error system needs to be revamped...
make processes unbound to terminals by default
	termSP was always a little bit of a hack, it'll be better to have init just open /dev/tty0
figure out if unix or posix has a checkstream
	IT DOESN'T -- it's normally done in parallel i assume
	this is only a problem because we'll catch fire in the serial driver on a read, figure out a better way to do this?
figure out stream TYPE
	- unify serial and ps/2
check if serial works
user privs, directories
process errors
